README.md, before:

# vrmlxpy
A Python-based toolkit for VRML parsing and STL conversion. Includes a standalone VRML parser library and a conversion library for transforming VRML geometry into STL format, with modular C++ backends and Python bindings.

## Prerequisites
- You need to have the [Boost](https://www.boost.org/) installed on your system. Please follow instructions [here](doc/boost_installation.md).
- Other third part library used is called [CGAL](https://www.cgal.org/). Follow instructions [here](doc/cgal_installation.md).
- The project uses [Ninja](https://ninja-build.org/) build system. Please follow the installation instructions of this software based on your system vendor.
- It comes naturally that you should have [CMake](https://cmake.org/) installed on your system as well.
- C++ compiler.

## Build
### Linux
- You can choose to build the library based on two types of build configurations: **Debug**

  ```
	cmake --preset Debug
  ```
- or **Release**.
  ```
	cmake --preset Release
  ```
- After necessary files are generated, you are able to build.
- Note that ```out/build/Debug``` in the following command is folder for **Debug** built, for **Release**, use ```out/build/Release```.
	```
	cmake --build out/build/Debug
	```

### Windows
- It is recommended to develop in *Visual Studio*.
- To open this project, navigate yourself to ```File - Open - Cmake...``` and choose the root *CMakeLists.txt*.
- *Visual Studio* should take care of the burden connecting with generating and building the library itself.

## Run
### Linux
- If your system has *Valgrind* installed, you can run the following commands like this:

  ```
	valgrind --leak-check=full --show-reachable=yes --track-origins=yes <YOUR PROGRAM>
  ```
- You can use *CTest* which is a program that comes with *CMake*; it handles running the tests for the project.
- Run the following command (once again, note that you might need to exchange *Debug* with *Release* if you have built for this type):

	```
	ctest --test-dir out/build/Debug/vrml_proc
	```
- You might want to use ```--verbose``` for the command above.

### Windows
- TODO

## Troubleshooting

Commit message:

fix: add new readme for pybind11, some changes in other readmes

README.md, after:

# vrmlxpy
Toolkit for VRML parsing and traversing.
Includes a standalone VRML parser library and a conversion library for transforming VRML geometry into STL format, with modular C++ backends and Python bindings.

## Prerequisites
- You need to have the [Boost](https://www.boost.org/) installed on your system. Please follow instructions [here](doc/boost_installation.md).
- Other third part library used is called [CGAL](https://www.cgal.org/). Follow instructions [here](doc/cgal_installation.md).
- For Python bindings creation, the solution uses [pybind11](https://github.com/pybind/pybind11). See the steps [here](doc/pybind11_installation.md).
- The project uses [Ninja](https://ninja-build.org/) build system. Please follow the installation instructions of this software based on your system vendor.
- It comes naturally that you should have [CMake](https://cmake.org/) installed on your system as well.
- C++ compiler.

## Build
### Linux
- You can choose to build the library based on two types of build configurations: **Debug**

  ```
	cmake --preset Debug
  ```
- or **Release**.
  ```
	cmake --preset Release
  ```
- After necessary files are generated, you are able to build.
- Note that ```out/build/Debug``` in the following command is folder for **Debug** built, for **Release**, use ```out/build/Release```.
	```
	cmake --build out/build/Debug
	```

### Windows
- It is recommended to develop in *Visual Studio*.
- To open the project, navigate yourself to ```File - Open - Cmake...``` and choose the root *CMakeLists.txt*.
- *Visual Studio* should handle the process of generating and building the library automatically.

## Run C++ executable files
### Linux
- If your system has *Valgrind* installed, you can run the following commands like this:

  ```
	valgrind --leak-check=full --show-reachable=yes --track-origins=yes <YOUR PROGRAM>
  ```
- You can use *CTest* which is a program that comes with *CMake*; it handles running the tests for the project.
- Run the following command (once again, note that you might need to exchange *Debug* with *Release* if you have built for this type):

	```
	ctest --test-dir out/build/Debug/vrml_proc
	```
- You might want to use ```--verbose``` for the command above.

### Windows
- TODO

## Run Python
- To get the idea how to use the library, have a look at example [script](scripts/run_vrmlxpy_lib.py).

## Troubleshooting
